
*# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-07-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/aOKwstnaeqM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/250

## Present

- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)w
- Jonah Stiennon (@jonahss)
- Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
- Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
- Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage) 

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
- Node Board of Director is Michael Dawson
- Node + 

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Who can be an Observer? [#234](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/234)

* MB: This is a change to the charter so that has to be approved by the Board. Would this be something more appropriate for the governance.md doc?
* JS: should we move all the descriptions out to the governance.md?
* MD: I think the proposal to put it somewhere else is fine because this is more about decorum
* MB: We could add this to the Readme of the CPC
* JB: I think that seems reasonable

AI: move the text to the ReADMe, no change needed to the charter

* Approve charter changes for Node.js Charter [#199](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/199)

* JS: Provides Summary
* AI: Good to land #238 first; then land #698 on the Node TSC repo; then close issue #199
* MB: there’s also #240;
* JS: it;s added to the agenda for today as well 

PR #240
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/240
* JS: we have a number of approvals and it’s been open for 14 days
* ES: can we get clarification on what the Board needs approval?
* MD: I can edit to make sure the copy is identical between the two
* JS: with no objects, we can merge this in

AI: Quick fix to language for matching then merge

PR #220
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/220

AI: Landing

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/129)

JS: Reminder for folks to share availability, we have a tool but I haven’t quite had time to pull out who is voting vs. regular vs. observer. My thinking was to find a better time in Asia for example. Would be great to get input from those populations, but hesitate to pick something arbitrarily without input
JB: 
JS: Should we pick a few times and do some thumbs up on the issue?
JB: +1 

AI: JS will chose a few times and share on #129 & with our project meetings. 

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

* #172 - Joe was going to add something to the Node Admin repo to update them where we are at with this. 
ES: last time we were blocked, I think we have momentum to decide
EA: I second
JS: to discuss this further? Or?
MB: the best next step is to make a stage 0 proposal for the travel fund
JS: I agree. MB, can you give a quick overview of how the program has function in the past
MB: we have a line item in the budget for $60k approved by the board. We administered it through the Admin repo. Brian has suggested using expensify.
MD: Before we make a decision we should let people know what we’re thinking and a stage 1 proposal makes a lot of sense for that. 
JoS: I will take a stab at this; JB, BW & JS volunteer to help with the process

AI: JoS will create stage 1 travel fund proposal for the foundation proper

#161
https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/161

* MD: summary. This was landed by #220. We can close!

Ad Hoc discussion of Project Progression:
JB: quick summary
MB: Reminder that the quiet period is about discretion or embargo’d. This is one of the biggest bits we need to be clear on.
BW: BoD is also on the list in addition to voting and regular members
MD: was it also supposed to include regular members
MB: this is one of the instances where having regular members makes since
MD: I think this makes sense
JS: Validates the concept of regular members 
JB: Reminder that disclosures of info during the period is probably a CoC violation
MB: Should we have a membership expectations doc/
MD: We landed the equivalent. I think strengthening this smart
BW: can add a header/footer to the mailing list reminder that this data is confidential. 

MB: one of the biggest things we need to make sure of is that the board doesn’t have any issues. Waiting for responses form the board. How long is reasonable to wait for the Board to have reviewed it?
BW/MD: a week
MDol: I say we should proceed with this now. I think the board expects the CPC to be self-running. 
MB: I guess it was more if they had a problem with the embargoe’d prcess from teh get-go. 

 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


