# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-06-10

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBe1PwUvXXw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/197

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Emily Platzer(@craftninja)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Mike Dolan (@mdolan)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Even Stensberg(@evenstensberg)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

*  nodejs/TSC [#698](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/698)
  * Confusion over who needs to approve, it is the CPC
  * Some discussion over the process
  * Matteo, get legal review when we approve new projects, but not for updates
  * Michael, opt-in based on request by CPC members doing the review?
  * Jory, past of least friction would be opt-in
  * Myles, ask Board/legal to provide starter charter
    * Matteo +1
  * Matteo what do we want to do with the 30 existing projects that need to be updated
    * Jory form a sub-committee to review the updated charters
    * Matteo what is the preferred way to contact all of the projects
      * Jory: I’ve been chasing them down
 * Link for issue to approve Node.js charter in openjs-foundation repo

* Creating a new Standards WG repo [#190](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/190)
  * agreed to move forward

* Added collab summit proposal [#187](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/187)
  * can land

* doc: update readme for CPC [#182](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/182)

* Nominating Chair and Director [#179](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/179)
  * Should be ready to publicise the nominees and then run the election
  * Brian has the list, so should open issue with list, each of the candidates should
    post candidate statement, there should be availability for QA and timebox.
  * Myles how many candidates. 
  * Brian for CPC chair, 1 for Director
  * Myles, Director can be acclaimed.
  * Brian will open issue with candidates today

* Start accepting nominations for "regular" members 
[#178](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/178)
  * This needs to land https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/182 and
    then people can start PR’ing themselves in.

* New process for CPC reps to share responsibility for Travel Fund [#172](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/172)
  * skip this time

* Draft initial process for electing voting members from the non-impact projects. [#161](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/161)
  * skip this time

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/129)
  * Agreed to move to Wednesday at 4 UTC for now.
* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * Skip for this time

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


