# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-10-29

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5YJMq399-M
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/381

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Even Stensberg(@evenstensberg)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Brian Warner
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Tierney Cyren
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)


* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
  * Moderation team from the AMP project have indicated that they will review
    and give us some feedback/comments.
  * Waiting for that before moving forward.

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)
  * Agreed last week to create public/private repositories to track 
  * Joe has created the public repo, moved over Node onboarding issue
  * Started to create repo but org needs to be upgraded first
  * Joe, -> could move over the obvious public onboarding issues, should move 
    over project board as well?  Michael, sounds good.  No objections from those
    in the meeting.  

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Michael followed up with Marcin and heâ€™s indicated that he hopes to publish a draft
    For discussion this week.


* Add impact and consumers of the project to new project template    [#306](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/306)
  * Myles will give it another review.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * Joe has some WIP for moving the Node.js docs over as a baseline
  * Issues waiting on the board
     * project directed funding discussed in last board meeting and
       understood that we need to address some aspects for some projects coming in.
     * Guidance on usage of logos etc should be able to proceed now that IP policy has been
       Approved.
     * Question about CLA being signed both for company and individual (both at the same
        time), Brian to ask, believes it will have been considered but does not have answer
        off the top of his head.
  * Items to discuss with the board is empty
  * onboarding board
    * Walked through a number of issues


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
