# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-11-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfaoH8lKR6Q
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/395

## Present

* Michael Dawson(@mhdawson)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Tierney Cyren
* Robin Ginn
* Eemeli Aro

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Come to Node + JS Interactive, it’s awesome, tell your friends!
* Project Onboarding issues have been moved to the Project Onboarding Repository
* Node CommComm AMA tomorrow morning

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Collab Summit sessions [#390](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/390)

Session ideas for CPC related topics? Such as transition process, emeritus projects, standards wg session, etc.
MD: these are good specific things we can work on together. Should we also have some blue-sky conversations?
JS: Good suggestion. Should these be separate submissions? 
MD: Do we know how big (long) each session is? (we don’t know)
MD: Do we want working sessions, or do we want sessions new people can join, as that might impact the number, the flow, etc?
JB: they were an hour in Berlin. 
TL: I don’t know if I’ll be able to make it, but something I’d like to cover is earmarking funds for projects. 
JB: will we have enough info from the board to hold a session on funding?
MD: It will come down to how much progress is made. 
JS: Let’s reach out to collab summit friends and see what kind of time block we can get.
MD: I think that makes sense. We’ll want to make sure we capture what we want to do for the collab summit agenda.
JS: we can also take advantage of the Community Corners to promote/have conversations about CPC items.
MD: Should we have a “I’m on the CPC, AMA” sticker we can wear so people can identify us and ask questions. (good idea)
JS: I will take the AI to reach out to the summit team and get the info we need, and craft a plan.

* Update contact email for new project proposals [#389](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/389)

Email addresses that new project proposals go to, concern that there is a possibility that there will be people who should not be on the reply. 

Whoever is on the operations alias should reply acknowledging receipt *and* make sure the application is complete. Ideal if this step could also assign an application manager.

TL: also, projects are also collaborating with multiple people on the application and this should be taken into consideration as well.  

* request: Review CommComm Charter Update [#383](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/383)

Request: Please review. 
JS: How did we do this for the TSC?
MD: We should be able to go ahead with a good number of +1s, and a time-box. Probably good to send it to the board for an FYI.
JB: Note that it is not required to send project charters to the Board.
KB: right this should just be an FYI, we aren’t looking for approval.
MD: should we choose that time? It’s 14 days for governance changes. 
JB/JS: that sounds good.

* Will land 14 days from now unless there are objections.  Please review and +1 if appropriate
  * Michael will send FYI to board.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)

TL: We have a meeting later today (for AMP’s onboarding WG)
MD: Do we want to make this the official process and then change, or do we want to address these questions as substantive?
TL: I can bring this up on today’s call. Happy also to do a joint discussion meeting.
(Group organizes a joint conversation with interested parties: Tierney, Joe, Jory, Michael)

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)

Process for monitoring basic SLA and staying on top of project applications. 
We decided to create a private and public repo, but are waiting on the private repo. 
Jory moved tickets over today. 
We can probably close this when the project onboarding process settles a little more.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * PR open for guidance to maintainers in nodejs/package-maintenance repo
    * https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/277
  * Will be basis for OpenJS recommendations so waiting for it to be reviewed
    gain consensus first.

* Mailing lists for projects [#324](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/324)

This was a generally available information issue that we are happy to set up mailing lists for projects if they want. Another question is which people should be on maintainer mailing lists, and so there was an idea to create project-specific mailing lists for maintainers. We are close to having a firmer idea of what we want to do here. See lists.openjsf.org. If you’re just looking for an alias we can set that up as well. We’ve been talking about if we just want a single email to reach all the maintainers at once. 

EA: {didn’t catch the idea}
MD: is this also in our services menu?
BW: yes, it should be.
MD: can it be delegated to the project? 
BW: it depends on what infra is being used. I can create a list and delegate moderation/management of that list in groups io. (not with aliased emails)
JS: Can we close this issue?


* Add impact and consumers of the project to new project template [#306](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/306)

JS: We got the last +1s based on feedback we were looking for so this should be good to merge. Any concerns? (none)

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

Admin docs and Infra work are in progress
Three items waiting on the board - funding, CLA bot, style guide.
Trademark guidelines and style guide should be addressed shortly. 
IMpacting style, we’ve been fielding questions about a standard header or footer for project website. They idea is that projects can incorporate this on their own websites and have a standard footer. This is on its way. 
JB: we need to bear in mind that not all projects have websites. What notices need to go where if there is no website?
BW: Those questions will have to go back to the board/legal
EA: Would OpenJSF provide project feeds for projects who don’t have blogs/places to post updates etc?
RR: We have a draft plan for how we can scale this for project. We haven’t solidified this yet but working with Robin to get those done. 
BW: A lightweight answer is the twitter handle/other social properties. 
JB: You can let us know about this in Slack (#pr-marketing)
BW: We should get more of this documentation up
MD: Rachel is working on getting this documentation but together, like the infra services plan but for marketing. 
RR: Correct!

Break for Private session at 12:52


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
