# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-11-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ3Y401Z0hw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/408

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.


### Board update
* board meeting this Friday
  * FYI on CommComm charter update sent to board, by end of week unless we hear 

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Changes to CoC Handling [#407](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/407)
  * PR for changes based on discussion with AMP team
  * Needs to land before we move the CoC handling proposal to Stage 3
  * Eemeli has comment about links. Michael will wait for that and then land
    after addressing them.

* adds missing links for bylaws and mission/vision statements [#406](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/406)
  * Michael to send to board to get approval since itâ€™s changes to the charter.


* adds proposal for charter submission & review per #200 [#405](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/405)
  * Jory: this proposal makes process more clear for onboarding and or CPC to review their charters; providing guidelines for what CPC members will be looking for in approving project charters with a consistent way and to avoid unnecessary burden
  * Michael: asks if we should align with our other consensus seeking process; we should make what is in our two docs consistent
  * Jory asks for a comment from Michael and will align
  * Michael added link as comment to existing documentation for how project charters will
    be approved.

* Point of contact for onboarding [#400](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/400)
  * Unclear what the role of the Champion and application manager.  
  * Jory is it peoples understanding that Champion is for full cycle until
     project joins
  * Michael yes, Joe yes, seems like we have consensus on that 
  * Jory will find language around Champion on PR change to clarify 

* onboarding meta questions [#398](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/398)
   * Joe, recommends all onboard stuff is in that repo
  * use project board to coordinate
  * Jory, should be based on best experience for those being onboarded
  * Michael,Joe agree.  
  * No objections voiced to moving all onboarding related stuff to onboarding repo

* Collab Summit sessions [#390](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/390)
  * Joe has proposed 3 hour session as well as community corner content
  * ping Joe later if you have any questions.

* request: Review CommComm Charter Update [#383](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/383)
  * Michael sent FYI to board, unless we hear concerns by end of week we plan
    To move forward.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
  * blocked on #407

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)
  * Were leaving open until private repo was created and process in place
  * Joe believe we can close, no objections.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Waiting on work in package-maintenance team on general community best practice

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)
  * Jory: Discussed last week; 
  * Need to identify people who want to be involved in the effort.
    * Kris volunteered, 
    * Jory maybe Tierney?

* Checklist deadline for Collab Summit graduation [#30](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/30)
  * 


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
