# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-06-26

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H05BpeK7VwQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/227

## Present

* DS: Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* MD: Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* KB: Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* JB: Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* DE: Dan Ehrenberg (@littledan)
* TT: Timo Tijhof (@Krinkle)
* CB: Christian Bromann (@bromann)
* NOL: Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
* TH: Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
* WT: Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* CH: Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* ES: Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
* TW: Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* JS: Joe Sepi
* MB: Myles Borins
* BW: Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
*RR: Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the 	**openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* [Who can be an observer?]
(https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/234)
  * JS: gave a summary of discussion in the issue
  * MB: believed that observers were limited to project participants
  * TT: distinction in who they are is clear, not so much in what are able/allowed to do.
  * WT: Good to have way people can get involved without having to step in too far. 
     Comfortable attending due to the explicit call out in the governance.
  * JB: Helpful that people like Dan can attend and that there is a “sense of place”
  for people, so these roles are very important.
* MB: Worried that it makes it harder to get involved if there are too many different levels 
  Members.
* MD: Disagree that current mix of voting, regular and observers is too much.  Could use some
  clarification, but I think those levels are important.
* DE: As observer do feel the need to be able to block things.
* JS: Believe that having voting and regular members make sense, but we may want to
  Talk about what Observers can do.
* TT: Torn between having regular member or not, certain level of empowerment from
   being listed as a regular member.  Reserving blocking to regular members makes sense.
   in context of consensus seeking.
* TT: In my org we also have a lot of observers, they can object but not required to
   become convinced.
* NOL: Observer can join discussions, and are free to raise concerns - the voting/reg members can decide if it warrants further resolution. Not obliged to resolve every issue
* Mike Dolan: Potential suggested text: “Observers are free to attend meetings and participate in
  the work of the CPC as well as the consensus seeking process. Observers are encouraged to
  participate and volunteer but should refrain from disrupting or blocking progress.”

Actions: PR #234 closed. General consensus to adopt suggested text from Mike Dolan.

* [proposal: move new projects to stage 2]
(https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/229)
  * Jory/Myles got together to move forward, cleanup and address some issues in the
    original proposal. Added some specific guidance.
  * Considered if all questions were really necessary as some feedback was that it
    was a lot to cover.
  * Verbal agreement on how projects start process or joining.
  * Want feedback on whether all projects should go through the checklist.
  * Please review/comment and approve if necessary.
  * JB: Asked in meeting if there were any objections, none, will make sure to capture
    Unresolved concerns issues as part of doc and then look to land

Actions: JB to capture feedback on PR in unresolved comments section and OK to merge stage 2

* [doc: process for electing non-impact voting members](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/220)

* doc: clarify guidance for landing PRs [#205](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/205)

MD: discussion/background context overview provided.

Action: determined that between comments +1s on the PRs and presence of voting reps in the meeting quorum was reached. +1 to merge.

* Approve charter changes for Node.js Charter [#199](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/199)
  * JS: Asked if any objections from voting members.  Has been approved by
    More than 2 voting members already.  
  * Michael will add a new PR to clarify process for approval of charter
    Changes
    * open 14 days
    * 2 or more voting member approvals
  * Those at the meeting agreed that it should be ready to land as it’s been
    Open for 16 days, there are no objections from voting members, and its approved
    By 5 voting members. 

* Start accepting nominations for "regular" members [#178](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/178 )
  * Remaining work is to capture process
  * TT: question about how you validate participation in the project. Possibly 
    allow by default, but then follow on to let project know.
  * JB: Reasonable to ask people include their project in PR.
  * Tracy: agree just a notification to project makes sense.
  * JB: can’t make promise to do before next meeting.

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/129 )



* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115 )



## Q&A, Other
* Taking this to Express TC meeting: https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/issues/81 
   Please feel free to join/watch.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar 

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


