# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-11-26

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR2I-lqLNQU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/412

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson(@mhdawson)
* Christian Bromann (@bromann)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Robin Ginn
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Myles Borins (@mylesborins)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Node+JS Interactive and collab summit is just around the corner.  Please register.
  * link -> 


### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Kicking off an OpenJS Foundation project landscape [#411](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/411)
  * lots of discussion, will take it back to github issue to continue discussion.

* Github Admin [#409](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/409)
  * Michael: should at least the voting members
  * Myles: should err on the side of making all members able to get things done
  * Joe: Agree
  * Michael: any downsides to allowing regular members as well
  * Myles: we should require 2fa enabled.
  * Jory: we should say that it will be enabled in a few weeks, and then do it.  Make teams for voting members and regular members..
  * Michael: believe that we use teams to manage access.
  * Jory will handle enabling 2fa
  * Myles, should do permissions through teams, but org owners is still going to be manau
  * Joe, agree that all members should be admins?
    * seems we have concensus on this.

* Changes to CoC Handling [#407](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/407)
  * new PR opened to add a copy of the CoC which is what one of the blocking comment
    was
  * Need to confirm that eemili agrees handling discussion around copy of CoC or not
    in separate issue. Agreed in meeting
  * Michael will fix up wording in terms of refering to text versus link as part of landing it.

* adds missing links for bylaws and mission/vision statements [#406](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/406)
  * approved by board
  * needs 1 more day to meet CPC governance requirements for landing

* adds proposal for charter submission & review per #200 [#405](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/405)

* Point of contact for onboarding [#400](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/400)

* onboarding meta questions [#398](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/398)

* Collab Summit sessions [#390](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/390)

* request: Review CommComm Charter Update [#383](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/383)
  * FYI to board, no comments/issues
  * Ready to land
  * No objections in the CPC meeting. Tierney will merge the CommComm
    issue and then close the CPC issue.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
  * waiting on #407

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * still waiting on work in package-mainenance repo

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)


### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)

* Checklist deadline for Collab Summit graduation [#30](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/30)



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
