# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-10-15

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C15EnbKswig
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/348

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tobie Langle (@tobie)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Robin Ginn
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* JQ Infra meeting on thurs Oct. 17
* Standards WG next Tues.
* Next Friday - Board meeting!
* #279 draft charter template - okay’ed and merged

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)

* how soon should we tell the project who their champion is?
* we discussed tooling options for tracking this - need to continue that conversation
* do we need to add more clarifications on this PR?
* Land PR #321 and then iterate? Some +1s to this idea. Would be ‘soothing’ to the project to know what the next steps.
* also talk with current applicants to get their feedback.
* keep this open to make sure we have some sort of observability into this. Make sure we answer the tooling question.

* doc: Move COC proposal to stage 2 [#330](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/330)
  * Michael  believe is is ready to land
  * Joe: no additional comments from last week, plan was to merge.
  * ACTION:
    * Joe - squash & merge;
    * Michael - open PR to move to stage 3

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

* MDawson brought this up to the Node Security WG
* Joe: Help section on the repo about how to get in touch with people
* MDawson: Node Security WG has volunteered to do that - will post a proposal/recommendation draft in the next few weeks to move this further.


* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

* https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/projects/3
  * NOTHING IS IN PROGRESS
  * Joe: Needs to bring admin/policy docs over from Node Admin
  * Define / Document style guide - nearing the finish line with signs off from the Board. Documents need to be approved by the board and that is expected to happen soon.
* moving infra work tab to in progress - more updates next week
* Project Directed Funding & JSF CLA bot are in the “Waiting on the board” column

https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/projects/4

* need to make new tickets for incubating projects & the rest of the current projects.
* Jory to pick this back up next week.

* Ad Hoc Conversation about attendance for incubating projects & when it is appropriate to have those representatives are added to things like the formal mailing lists & how to add them to governance/regular membership

Close for Private Session



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

