# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-08-06

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI6i0bGmjM8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/281

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Even Stensberg @evenstensberg
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* M.Sharaf Hijjeh (@abusharaf)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

None

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* adds a draft charter template [#279](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/279)

Examples suggested in PR
Jory: sharing where she gathered the info for the template (Node.js TSC and K8s Sig) and what a charter is used for
Myles: asks for clarification on if this is for new projects or existing projects
Jory: clarifies that it is for new projects and existing projects that do not already have charters  which is many.
Myles: offers to review and suggests LF legal review as well; adds that legal will need to approve new charters regardless

Action Item: Continue review; request legal review from Andy Updegrove

* doc: swapping refs to TAC with CPC [#275](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/275)

Action Item: 

* ELI5: project charters [#207](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/207)

Related: PR for Charter template (#279)
Action Item: Follow up on issue and close.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

#172: Travel Fund issue. Proposal at Stage 0, PR to move to stage 1 (#278). Issue open in Node admin and email out to projects list. Will land in ~48 barring any outstanding changes or firm -1s

#261
Action Item: Open new PR with updated language

#271 - process for handling reports
Eemeli has outstanding comments on the PR; will look at and address. Next steps may be a merge (merging into a proposal that is at stage 1).

#263 - onboarding/off boarding regular members

# Projects: Update docs
Action Item: convert to an issue and add to the project onboarding board 

# Foundation infrastructure 

# Admin policy docs
Joe taking as an action item.

Issues pertaining to the board: probably not able to make much progress here. 

* New Code & Learn format at the next Interactive


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


