# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-06-19

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXd7FTGERvY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/209

## Present

MB: Myles Borins
JS: Joe Sepi
JB: Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
EA: Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
CH: Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
CB: Christian Bromann
ES: Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
MC: Matteo Collina
KB: Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
BW: Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
MD: Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors



## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

Node + JS Interactive CFP Deadline is this Friday.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Approve charter changes for Node.js Charter [#199](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/199)

+1s and LGTMs. Any further comments or context?
MB - everything is ready to go, some small nits. From the CPC I’m seeing 4 voting members that have signed off. Since this is a charter change we may need more oversight, depending on how we want to handle that. And we want to make sure we do that consistently since it’s part of the CPC charter. We should work out the rules of consensus before landing though this is ready to land.
JS - agree, should we add this to the repo as an issue?
MB - if you look at 205, that’s about landing PR, but we can make an explicit issue for charters.
JS- this seems like we’ve got approvals though, should we wait until we make progress?
MB - I think we should wait, but I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to make decisions without quorum of the voting CPC members.

Actions: No action on the PR. Need more consensus from remaining voting CPC members who have not weighed in. JB to poke voting CPC reps.

* Project assets repo? [#198](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/198)

JS - last comment was to hold for ™ guidelines
BW - everything is all ready to go. Main thing is waiting on the attorneys to get back with harmonized trademark guidance from the two organizations. Would like to have this stuff ready to go as soon as we have a finalized version from legal. Thank you to all who got back to me about their project artwork. Projects should be able to update this and keep their branding fresh.
Timeline - it’s about time for me to poke but I kicked this off with this last week. Will take this off the agenda for now until they get back to me. 

Actions: BW removing meeting label and will put this back on the agenda when it’s back from the legal review.

* doc: update readme for CPC [#182](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/182)

JS: old readme was specific to bootstrap, this PR updates for new group.
MB- I think this is good to go, outstanding comments have been addressed and I think it’s ready to land as it right now
All - +1 to land

Actions: PR landed

* Nominating Chair and Director [#179](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/179)

BW: after last weeks meeting I got some feedback that there were questions about eligibility requirements esp. In context of the chair. The charter says its scoped to voting members of the CPC or should it be broadened to regular members as well. THought this should be brought up for discussion before we move forward.
JS: a good question - we don’t have a process for regular members. 
MB: the question may be better framed as ‘are they limited to voting members’ or not
EA: can we note that this is a decision to be made later? 
MB: DO we disqualify the person who was not a voting member? 
MC: We agreed on the charter, and I think we need an official chair and director, my opinion is we should start functioning and then have an election later
EA/JS: I’m with Matteo
EA: (Reads the charter)
MB: So we should move forward with what’s in the charter, take any changes to the board and get it approved.
All: +1
EA: I would be happy for us to consider relaxing this, but lets first start with having a chair at all. 
BW: Any reason not to announce the nominees for both positions (there are only 1 for each role)?
Chair: Joe Sepi
Director: Kris Borchers
JS: I am fully supportive of amendments and what makes sense for the chair role and we can move forward from there.

Actions: Joe Sepi and Kris Borchers confirmed for the roles of Chair and Director 

* Start accepting nominations for "regular" members [#178](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/178)

JS: There are some questions about what the charter says when it comes to regular members. MD says he doesn’t think we need a charter update and MB agreed.
JB: {recaps her understanding of the reg members requirement}
JS: What about requirements for checking that the Regular members are participants of projects?
JB: We should document the process and tell our project communities
JS: The charter, section 4
MB: I will also open a PR people can use as a template (for myself)
JS: Do we have a process for getting the word out?
JB: a bunch of ad hoc communication
JB: also please help get the word out to diverse participants!
JS: Can we close?
MB: the charter is explicit about what people can do to nominate themselves, but what is the approval process of those nominations and how do they get landed. Even if it’s everyone who submits a PR is accepted that should be documented.
EA: How is this different from other approvals?
MB: The governance document needs to be updated - the processes perhaps need to be updated and separated into the appropriate places (between governance and charter)
JS: So we need to update the governance document before we close out this issue.
JS: For now we are continuing with ‘approvals, no objections’ it lands
EA: it would good to make sure we are able to make approvals outside meetings - so that we don’t require a meeting. 
MB: I prefer consensus to vote counting but I’m not going to be hard headed about that
MD: Only so many people can make the meeting so it’s important to also make sure people have a chance to agree or object on the repo
EA: We’re talking about 205 - it would be good to have clarity. 
MD: 72 hours isn’t too long to wait
MB: for charter changes I think we should have discussion in the meetings
MC: Anything that requires a vote should be done in a meeting
JS: I direct folks to issue number 205
MB: I just opened 213 which changes some administrative updates that weren’t updated when we changed the repo.
All: +1 to landing that!

Actions: JB to encourage members submit PRs to join as regular members via mailing list and slack. All to encourage people to submit PRs. All to review issue #205.

* Draft initial process for electing voting members from the non-impact projects. [#161](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/161)

JS: recaps that we have more non-impact reps now so that we can bootstrap 
JS: The last activity was back in May, MD any updates on where we might be with this?
MD: I think we said it just wasn’t urgent because we had figured this out, the next step is to draft a proposal and then we can have some discussion on a PR about this. 
EA: We should also discuss timeline
JS: Good point. Shall we include that as this issue?
EA: EA will make a separate issue.

Actions: MD will work on a draft proposal. EA will make an issue to resolve timing of current arrangement.

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/129)

JS: THis is new meeting time that we are currently in. There have been a couple of comments… this meeting will overlap with the Node TSC meeting every 2 or 3 weeks. 
MD: If we have 2 different times for OpenJSF CPC the overlap would happen once every 6 weeks or so. I was under the impression we would be selecting another time.
MB: Can I suggest that we stick with this and punt the discussion back to the issue?
MD: Having one time that’s reasonable for 32 projects is unlikely.
EA: we should encourage people to update their time if their availability has changed
JS: we will meet next week at this time and perhaps revisit the issue. 
JS: It would be valuable to hear from people who have trouble with this time. 

Action: All are encouraged to update their availability based on new TSC meeting times. Will review the times next week and think about choosing a time to alternate with.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

(punted to next week)

## Q&A, Other

MC: Can I ask the Director to discuss with the board (at the upcoming Board meeting) Node+JS Interactive for the collaborators summit?
Kris - will send an email to the projects list and update the group here
Discussion of mailing lists

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


