# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-05-20

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU0H0x3RNks
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/180

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Christian Bromann (@bromann)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Agiri (@codeekage) 
* Rich Trott
* Brian Kardell
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Hassan Sani (@inidaname)

## Agenda

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Nominating Chair and Director [#179](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/179)

Quick discussion of differences between the chair and the director roles
Follow existing process from CommComm etc or new
Self-nomination + consent to get nominated
Existing governance says that the nominees must come from the pool of voting members
Eemilio, would be good to meet people at Berlin first, defer until then?
Myles, how about close nomination before but then have vote after. Close nominations on the 5th of June, election begins 5th, voting open until June 19th. Board meeting happens on June 21.
Private versus public nomination.
Alias: operations@openjsf.org (will forward to Brian)
Brian to set up a nominations email alias and drop in issue. 

* Start accepting nominations for "regular" members [#178](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/178)
  * Matteo all people who have been part of bootstrap process should self-nominate
  * People submit PR as outlined in the governance, then voting member for project they are involved in validates through comment and then can land (for non-impact, non-impact voting members will validate)

* New process for CPC reps to share responsibility for Travel Fund [#172](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/172)
  * Good discussion of options and some background.
  * Next step is that Matteo will write proposal for Summit travel fund and we’ll
    go from there.

* Draft initial process for electing voting members from the non-impact projects. [#161](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/161)
  * Not pressing since we’ve agreed what to do for this year.
  * If anyone wants to start drafting, they are free to do so.

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/129)
  * Decision from last meeting was to discuss in person at the collab summit.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)


