# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-09-03

## Links

* **Recording**: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NERnSQt98Ds
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/316

## Present

* Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner) 
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)


## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Michael: Reminder to consider coming to Node+JS Interactive.  Great place to talk about the 
  kinds of issues we talk about in these meetings.

* Joe: Reminds me to remind people that we have people meeting to co-ordinate community 
   corner at Node+JS Interactive as well as potential code-and-learn style session, quite possibly 
   with focus on projects outside of Node.js

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Move User Feedback Survey efforts from Node.js to OpenJS [#315](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/315)
  * One of the branches from the Node.js user feedback initiative
  * Focussed on helping to facilitate surveys on behalf of teams/working groups
  * Joe has been leading recently.
  * Suggestions is make available to broader community as other projects would likely
    find surveys useful as well.
  * Joe working to make it self server.
  * Michael - makes sense to me having been involved from the beginning. Makes a bit
    Closer to the Foundation and makes available to all projects.
  * Joe, mindful that we don’t want to start initiative we don’t have bandwith for.  Joe
    Will lead and believes it should become pretty much self serve.
  * If no objections will start moving it over.
  * Joe to propose new repo.
  

* doc: incubating projects must have a champion [#309](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/309)
  * Joe: next step is to clarify champions/mentors?
  * Myles: believe we need to discuss further in the issue


* charter: s/maintainers/governing body [#305](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/305)
  * 14 d	ays has passed, Kris taking to the board.

* Specify the scope of CPC votes during application and incubation [#296](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/296)
  * Toby: discussed with Myles, seems like what I was asking for norms of how project would
     be run.  Generally not documented, projects that have a longer history make this
     less of an issue as the expected norms are clearer.  Given that CPC is new
     could use more info available.  Add more guidance that issues should be shared
     along the way, as opposed to bringing them up later.  
  * Myles, never had an intention to have a vote during the quiet period.  Generally there
     should be consensus before the vote. Agree that a good part of it is around norms.
    * Not vote in quiet period. PR already merged [#294](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/294).
    * add guidance to bring up issues earlier than later, share if you have any 
      * Myles, add guidance to general case to membership expectations, Myles to 
        draft addition PR to membershio expectations.	

* Commit to providing a reply to an application within a specific time frame [#295](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/295)
  * Myles, initial response within X time  `thank you for your application`
  * Myles, commit to interval between communication (ex 1 week)?
  * Tobie: concerned on 2 sides.  Once started, good faith effort to complete once started.
     Like idea for update which is short timeframe.  Can we say something like `if there
    is an answer in a week`.
  * Myles, problem is we’ve not been through the process to be able to give a target SLA with
    any confidence.  First step is timeline for update, can then later see if we can do SLA
  * Tobie, commitment on update ok to start. Will come back to discuss later.  
  * Michael, last thing then is who will make sure the communication takes place. 
  * Brian volunteered to make sure we get the updates, until we figure out agreement on 
    Champions.  (We need to define champion expectations)
  * Brian, person who is responsible for first contact should like be the same person.
  * Michael, maybe first time from Brian/Jory, the following from champion
  * Myles, should revisit if we have single email chain for discussion on application.
  * Brian, setup so that forward only.  Once we figure it out we can let Brian how we want it to
    work.

* Maintainers vs. governing body [#289](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/289)
  * Will close with #305

* Duplicate onboarding checklist [#288](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/288)
 * Planning to land unless there are objections in the meeting today

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * 


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


