# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-08-13

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aQB5e_cGn8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/286

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
* Christian Bromann (@bromann)
* Dave Methvin (@dmethvin)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Tierney Cyren
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)
* Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Myles Borins (@mylesborins)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* standards group meeting today in ~ 2 hours

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* jQuery project infrastructure [#285](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/285)

- DM: trying to start a discussion about infra in general, but also with JQ we could use a refresh and get someone with some expertise to lend a hand here. See linked public issue on jQ repo (#319 test swarm). Most help has come from 2-3 people but they aren’t experts in the work that needs to be done. Is there a way we can have a pool of people who can help set up CI/CD systems?
- JS: looking for related infra in general issue that someone started a while ago. Should we set up an infra working group. 
- JB: also we have a slack
- DM: we have the resources, but we don’t seem to always have the people with the expertise.
- JS/JB: Consider starting an infra working group for the OpenJS to give support for projects across the org
- TC: we should make sure the group has a deliverable/goal, like group’s purpose is to “make a plan” etc. 
- MB: I want to caution that people to carry the water is the issue. Even if we get a group who will talk about it but can’t do the work that’s a risk.
-DM: If it was easy to find these people, the work would be done already. It would be good from a foundation standpoint to come up with a policy about what our response should be.
-KB: the board is discussing infra in general for projects. Understanding everything that’s there and what can be offered. As well as looking at the former jQ/JSF issues.
-DM: does a resolution need to be reached there before the CPC acts?
-KB: I don’t think so. I think this group would figure out what is needed. The board would need to make budget decisions.
-MB: from Node’s perspective this is a convo that’s gone back and forth for a bit. Our build team is a place where we don’t have as many people as we want. There’s definitely convo about whether we should bring in hired labor to manage infra. We don’t have a ton of bandwidth to invest in expanding infra. 
-DM: some of this is legacy. I’m also sensitive to paying some people but not other people. Maybe some folks could do it in exchange for some recognition.
-MB: If we pay people to be on call, that could free volunteers to move forward. Maybe use contractors to execute. Maybe we could collaborate with the CICD foundation / etc.
-DM: it is causing some stress for the team and we don’t have the people to solve it ourselves

AI: continue convo in #infra, JB to look into scheduling Infra WG meeting

* adds a draft charter template [#279](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/279)

- JB: Awaiting MDawson review, will be sending this to Andy Updegrove for legal review per last week conversation. Mike Dolan can help route to Andy if that would help.

AI: No action; awaiting review. 

* doc: swapping refs to TAC with CPC [#275](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/275)

- Board will need to approve, but this is errata. 
- MD: email board, ask for approval via email. 
- JS: I think this was done. Do we need an official vote?
-MD: will take this offline with MB if this is getting hung up.

AI: MD & MB to follow up

* ELI5: project charters [#207](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/207)

AI: Issue closed.

* Maintainers vs. Governing Body [#289](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/289)

AI: Need someone to open a PR to add these clarifications

* Checklists Templates
[#288](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/288)

- MB/JS: should we add other templates to decrease friction, for example: add regular members, add new proposals, etc. 
-JS: Duplicate data (checklist in 2 places); update new project application to link to issue template. 

AI: JS taking action item to get this process started.

* Proposal to lift Node.js Code & Learn to CPC level
[#287](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/287)

TC: we should make sure Rich and Ana have been looped in because this has been more ‘their project’ vs node official project and we shouldn’t appropriate it.
CB: I will make sure to get that.
JB: see also https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/242
JS: we need TSC/CommComm approval first. Need issue open in admin repo.

AI: JS to create/ping this issue on the TSC/CommComm/Admin front. 

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)

- Travel Fund Proposal: was highlighted in recent comm comm meeting. nodejs/admin issue #398, no conversation there as well. Will check to see if there has been any conversation at the TSC level.

- Add entry point for new projects on Readme. #261 - See PR #290 and review

- Reports Process #160. Currently working through the proposal flow. PR #271 has comments but not sure if they have all been addressed. Looking for more approvals for Stage 1.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


