# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2019-10-08

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WtD6ZNYQwI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/342

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Even Stensberg (@evenstensberg)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Robin Ginn
* LJHarb (@ljharb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Hassan Sani (@inidaname)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Jory
  * Standards meeting later this afternoon
  * Oct 17 session to talk about JQuery infra improvements
  * Thank you to Rachel for hard work on PR last week (nvm, etc.)

* Even
  * 2 students completing for Google summer of code for webpack. Attending Mentor Summit to discuss and collaborate with other organizations that participated. Credits to Alexander Krasnoyarov and Steven Hargrove for being great mentors.

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Request for legal Advice [#335](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/335)
  * ACTION: Michael to comment and then close.

* Administering Project Applications [#331](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/331)
  * Michael reports this has been sent to the board, a few comments from Charlie
    we have addressed. Will continue to follow-up.
  * ACTION: none. Open until related PR lands. Michael to continue moving this
    forward with the board

* doc: Move COC proposal to stage 2 [#330](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/330)
  * Michael reports that there have been no more comments or concerns about moving this to stage 2 unless there are objections
  * Request for more review and comment. We should land this next week assuming no more comments or objections. Otherwise please +1.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * No recent discussion.
  * Probably does not need to be prioritized - would need someone to take up this issue and champion it.
  * should we set up a default email address for reporting in the meantime? Perhaps.
  * We need first step recommendations.
  * Perhaps start there to begin building requirements for what we would expect of impact
     projects, in service of long-term sustainability.
  * Node Security wg may be interested in drafting a first set of guidelines; ACTION: Michael
    will create an issue to suggest that
    * issue created here: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/589

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * 271 can be closed
  * Vote queued for the TM/IP logo guidelines issue
  * 291 - infra update posted on #333. Perhaps schedule another meeting & post the current version via PR
  * Admin Policy Docs - joe hasn’t gotten to this just yet
 * Funding: no action
 * JSF CLA bot: new CLA language nearly approved; update after approval

Additional agenda item(s) from issue comments:

 * Add travis or github actions to org
  * No objections
[#317](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/317)

* Myles - we added a linter; would like to add Travis or actions. Can I click the button?
* ACTION: DO IT MYLES. Myles will follow up when it’s our turn in the queue.

PRIVATE SESSION, 15 mins


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

