# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-09-08

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frYub1CpAW0&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/636

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Aditya Varma (@vaditya92)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Nick Oâ€™Leary (@knollery)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJo)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Agiri Abraham (@codeekage)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Project review meeting - 4 p.m. today
Membership Drive
Project supporter meeting
Standards group meeting
OpenJS Office hours
Content on our blog & youtube

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Approving project charters is clunky in issues [#630](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/630)
  * RM Agenda item tag
  * Needs a PR to convert list into table in Readme (one PR to merge all the docs in as a project moves out of incubation). ]
  * ACTION: needs a volunteer MD jockey - Nick O duly volunteered

* Should we share voting result details and if so, how? [#629](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/629)
  * Discussed last time, decision captured, will remove the agenda label.
  * Q: where do we want to report the generic info about the election? A: on the issue is fine. Staff will store reports.
  * ACTION: none.

* Add IP Policy guidance [#618](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/618)
  * No update

* Next Steps for Supporter Program [#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)
  * PR is ready to merge
  * Next meeting for supporter program is this Friday at 4 p.m. EST - goal is to put a spec together for the things that need to be built to roll out the program.
  * ACTION: those interested should attend meeting. Sara to merge PR.

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * meeting is scheduled for discussion

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)
  * ACTION: Brian Warner has documentation to create & share

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * waiting on https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/620
  * once that one lands, will rebase and then will start another round of board voting.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * current PR for moving proposal to stage
    https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/633
  * Has a few approvals, but should probably wait 14 days as might be changing
     governance through project progression changes.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

