# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-01-07

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxhPi5pgWMA
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/436

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* First AMA is this week
* Thanks to Myles for doing issue cleanup
* More note-takers, please!
* Slack channel for the CPC (not for consensus-seeking discussions which need to be archived).
* Update on upcoming collab summit
* Travel fund available for collab summit
* Please submit travel expenses for Montreal collab summit

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* WebdriverIO: project charter review [#424](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/424)
  * Jory, since its met the requirements for approval of charters laid out in the CPC governance 
    we should consider it approved.  Jory will comment in the issue.

* Term of CPC Directors
[#334](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/334)
  * Brian, does that count from the date they were elected or something else.
  * Jory which is easier to maintain? That is the only concern
  * Brian, generally speaking on the board, the terms expire at the end of the year. Good to have
    some overlap to have them staggered.  Since corporate board members are end of year
    Might be good to have CPC directors be mid year.
  * Myles, third potential director for individual membership program.  We should evaluate if its
    something that we can spin up this year. 
  * Michael to create issue for discussion of 2nd board seat post first year.
  * Agreed to set as July 1th. Michael to add to issue that was what was decided and PR into our 
    governance.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
Refresher: take-away from last session was that this document should be edited to clarify that it is a guide for projects to understand what they are supposed to do to use and enforce the policy. Tobie and Brian thought to connect on making some edits.
  * Tobie: some misunderstanding on content, clarified that it is “guidance” to help projects
    Apply the Foundation policies.  Tobie and Brian are to work on it together.
  * Tobie: added suggestions to issue on how to proceed.

* Add a copy of the Contributor Covenant CoC text [#413](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/413)
  * Agreed last meeting that we should inline
  * Suggest ramping up CoC working group
  * @ljharb clarified his objection is not blocking.
  * Joe, understanding is that we should land and then work through the finer points in working 
    groups.

* Kicking off an OpenJS Foundation project landscape [#411](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/411)
  * Discussion intentionally tabled

* adds proposal for charter submission & review per #200 [#405](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/405)
  * Jory will update and ask for new reviews, should be to land soon.

* Point of contact for onboarding [#400](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/400)
  * Needs some additional approvals.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * 

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
Refresher: A suggestion was made that this proposal, given the conversation happening on #413 and at the collab summit, should be reverted to a stage 1 or 2 proposal. Issue #432 was opened to discuss.

* Clarify Travel Fund status & process [#377](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/377)
  * Christian, question on visa.  What is best way to ask question.
  * Brian need to be careful oh how its worded
  * Michael: Critical thing is we’re in the new year, and we need something in the open js issues  
    that describes how to apply (without changing any of the process).

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Guidance in Package maint team has landed. (https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/277 https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/589)  Next step is guidance for OpenJS projects.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)


### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)

* Checklist deadline for Collab Summit graduation [#30](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/30)
Jory closed today because the deadline passed




## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
