# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-01-14

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwHp26-16bc
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/444

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Mike Samuel (@mvsamuel)
* Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

Jory:
* Event CFP drops tomorrow
* sponsorship prospectus
* want to add public meetings to our cal, let us know
* jquery ama, Feb. 5 10am, ask us anything

Joe:
* Standards meeting today @ 17:00 UTC
* Collab Summit planning kickoff starts today immediately following this meeting (https://meet.google.com/isf-dbpw-nyz)



### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Start a Code of Conduct Working Group [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)
  * open a call for participation - email to the projects list & coordinate initial meeting on issue
  * need to make it clear that this group is not a moderation team, but rather a wg of people who will tackle/work through bigger process issues, concerns raised at Collab summit
  * start a repo for this WG? We need volunteers.
  * AI: small group to craft a clear problem statement about what the group will be working on, everyone to cast the net for participants  

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * Donâ€™t have Brian or Toby so skip for this week.

* Kicking off an OpenJS Foundation project landscape [#411](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/411)
  * ACTION: Brian to share proof of concept and then we can discuss further.

* adds proposal for charter submission & review per #200 [#405](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/405)
  * Jory, have done 2 in the approach outline in the doc
  * Believe it is ready to land.
  * Joe landed.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * Needs more reviews

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)	
  * Blocked on [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)

* Clarify Travel Fund status & process [#377](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/377)
  * Discussion recently in https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/377
  * Christian, could we ask each project to provide an estimate of what they might use
  * Myles: if the board makes a statement that budget will be increased it would address Matteo's concerns
  * Joe: we could also send out a survey
  * deferred conversation until board meets


* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Nothing to report this week. Work ongoing.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)
  * Add admin policy docs is in process

### openjs-foundation/standards

* OSI Affiliate Membership [#32](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/32)
  * Would allow one of our members run for Affiliate board member.
  * Discussion was positive, Myles to move it forward

### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)
  * Jory: was discussed at AMP infra working group meeting
  * Jory: will confirm with Toby and document this week.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


