# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-02-11

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UpOFTglh2E
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/461

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Tobie Langel(@tobie)
* Tim Willison (@timmywil)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Marcin Hoppe (@MarcinHoppe)
* Isaac Murchie (@imurchie)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Collab Summit meeting right after this call. Feel free to join if you’re interested (on the calendar). [Repo](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit)
* OpenJS Standards team today cancelled. Next meeting in two weeks. Details on the calendar.
* Feb 18th PR/Marketing meeting at 11:30am EST. Rachel has added this to the calendar.
* Feb 12th CoC initially meeting team at 2pm EST.
* OpenJS World CFP is open until Feb 21st. Please [retweet](https://twitter.com/openjsf/status/1226989416071204867?s=20)

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Meta: Where shall certain resources live? [#445](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/445)

* Joe: a directory in the cpc repo was created by Jory to house these resources; PR was merged and issue closed

* Start a Code of Conduct Team [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)

Meeting scheduled for tomorrow. Will close issue once meetings have been started.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)

@tobie promised to do work. Will try to get some work done by next week.

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)

Requires rebasing. @tobie doesn’t have a dev env setup atm. @joesepi might find time to do it.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)

On hold as we spin up the CoC team. Requires MVP of CoC first. @joesepi to update PR accordingly.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

* Marcin: build on the nodejs package maintenance group’s work; has already started to gather current security practices for OpenJS projects
* Tobie: AMP is relying on hackerone through a Google contract; as project completes onboarding, Tobie would like to have plan clarified.
* Marcin suggests current Hackerone Node contract could be extended to every project in the foundation. Marcin comment on the [AMP issue](https://github.com/ampproject/wg-security-privacy/issues/2) accordingly.

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)

* Joe: no progress still. Draft PR #443

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)

No update for now. Still discussed at board level.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)

No progress at this time

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)

Kris Borchers reached out to the board and will get back with any questions.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

