# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-08-25

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNuNI7Ni-MM&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/627

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Sara Chipps (@Sarajo)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Marcin Hoppe (@MarcinHoppe)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn) - Invisible attendee 
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Evgeny Poberezkin (@epoberezkin)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Timothy Willison (@timmywil)
* Eliseo Ortiz 
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Mary Marchini (@mmarchini)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Rachel Romoff (@RRomoff)

## Agenda

### Announcements
Welcome Marcin and Darcy as regular members!!
Mary is going to take over from Matteo as the Node.js CPC voting rep, still needs to open PR to officially switch. 
Thanks to everybody who participated in the promises survey, we got over 2500 responses !
Standards WG meeting at 2pm today
Michael elected as 2nd director's representative.

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Fastify charter review [#617](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/617)
  * some comments on charter
  * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/626 has lots of +1s so 
    we should be good to go.
  * actions, close issue, land PR. Joe will do that today.
  * Meta: issue related to the mechanics with the charter & graduation PR
  * Action: file an issue to suss out the mechanics

* Nominations Open: Community Board Seat for OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors [#616](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/616)
  * Michael elected as 2nd director's representative, post in issue and close
  * Share the results?
  * In the future, be specific about the end time zone
  * Action: open issue for reporting vote results

* Next Steps for Supporter Program [#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)
  * Lots of feedback received
  * PR with suggested changes, https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/625
  * Next step: meeting to develop spec for what is needed; Sara to send out doodle for next meeting

* We should try an earlier CPC meeting time [#599](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/599)
  * Missed it for this week, should we do it in 2 weeks @14:00 UTC
  * try for 2-3x and evaluate at that point.
  * Action: promote the earlier time that commences on Sept. 8
  * Action: update public calendar

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Tobie scheduling meeting for interested parties; will report back.
  * Action: leave tag on for Agenda for now

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)
  * Discussed on the board call; no major objectives or concerns
  * well-developed answer for what is needed for past signers of the JSF  CLA
  * Action: close issue

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * no update this week


* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
[#618](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/618)
  * Tobie: has made good progress; suggestion is to merge the current document and work to develop further
  * Action: CPC members to review and +1 the new PR (#618) 

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
[#602](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/602)
  * Not too much progress (vacation, yay!)
  * Need to transfer requirements that were agreed upon to augment the PR
  * Advances proposal to stage 3
  * Marcin also interested in building a bridge / liaison relationship between OpenJSF and other security groups


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

