# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-02-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXToi1MZk9U
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/459

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Dhruv Jain (@maddhruv)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Summit Planning Meetings Ongoing (next week)
* OpenJS World CFP
* Standards group meeting next week; TC39 meeting this week
* JQuery AMA tomorrow! Submit your questions here for jQuery AMA: https://forms.gle/oKd1vwtm41w9r2Dz9

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Meta: Where shall certain resources live? [#445](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/445)

Joe: just need a couple thumbs up for sign-off. Looks good.

* Start a Code of Conduct Team [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)

Last week, we said one objective would be to see if #379 is a viable mvp
We need to get the group together
Lots of loose threads.

Jory: Needs an ad hoc meeting of the folks who said they’re interested in taking this on. The group who raised their hands on the hackmd doc. Talk with people like Nayna from Amp. Jory will take this on as a task to see if we can get momentum before next week.


* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)

Brian: toby and brian are supposed to get together to draft this. Tobie is at FOSDEM this week, but will be working on the draft soon.

Tobie: the format is a tldr bullet list of things to do.

Brian: The long form paragraphs underneath are there ‘in case you have to do it’.

Jory: if we do get a question, can it be added to this issue?

Brian: yes

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)

Tobie: hopes to get the work done by next week.

Jory: we’ve put out a request to all of the voting cpc members to review this, and give their vote (a thumbs up or request changes) so we can unblock this.

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)

Jory: one of the outcomes we’d like from the ad-hoc group is to assess if this proposal should success and is sufficient for an mvp.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

Jory: Michael D. has been updating us periodically with the progress of the node security WG. That WG is also interested in making sure that all OpenJS working groups who’re interested in this, are welcome to participate. Michael’s last update was that Marcin has been working on this proposal, and should have something for us to review soon.

Tobie: Is this the ecosystem security WG? (https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg ?)

Jory: This is the issue where they’re calling for participation. I expect we’ll have an update from Michael Dawson when he’s back.

* Add admin policy docs [#185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/185)

Ben: I’ve been delayed for a couple weeks, this just needs one more glance over before submitting for review. Should be up for review this week.

* draft proposal: language for project exit clause [#96](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/96)

Can we close this issue because of [#313](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/313)?

Jory who opened #96 confirms #313 is solving it. No objections. Closed.

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/90)

Jory: Myles mentioned that this waiting on the board, and there is active discussion going on – so still in progress.

Brian: No updates to this issue atm.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)

Jory: We talked about whether we need to create a charter document that’s in line with our onboarding docs, or if our older node governance doc would be sufficient? The group last week leaned towards just having a governance document – since that would be lighter-weight. We’re looking towards making a doc that’s robust. No substantial movement just yet.

Jory: FYI for the CPC that this work is moving forward.

Eemeli: We should remain aware that this is the first WG of this kind for this foundation, and we’ll be setting a precedent for future working groups of this type.

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)

Eemeli: WG originally spun off from Ecma. Not Unicode Consortium. Would like to be an official member. Requires finding out whether Eemeli needs to become a member personally, or should there be liaison at the OpenJSF level instead. Seems Unicode Consortium would be happy to provide membership to the OpenJSF.

Ben: what are the next steps for the CPC?

Jory: current situation isn’t ideal. When we see the ability for a project to participate in a WG, we’d like to make this happen. The board needs to approve this process, but would act on the indication of the CPC. No cost for this one.

Chris: Are there any risks and drawbacks? If none, +1. No objections.

Next step: bring that to the board (Kris volunteers).

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

