# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-10-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NeIZ7omhOM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/654

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Mary Marchini (@mmarchini)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Ampfest, Amp TSC AMA coming up:
  * https://amp.dev/events/amp-fest-2020/
* Electron project has put out a usage survey.  

* Agreed to use second half of next meeting to work on simplified proposal process.

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* collaboration space still under vote
* decision made to make the OpenJS World virtual, likely to keep the same dates

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Should we have a lightweight mechanism to spin off ad hoc CPC working groups? [#649](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/649)
  
 Mike Samuel, good to make it clear that the working groups are exploratory/investigatory might help.
Michael: A lot of the overhead is just scheduling.  Eemeli’s suggestion addresses that.  Could also split meetings: half for CPC business, half for a deep-dive.
Tobie: Timeboxing could help us get CPC business done in less time.  Let’s give it a try.

* Adds Growth plan template [#647](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/647)
  * Tobie has next action.

* Add examples of successful applications [#643](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/643)
  * Waiting on some additional applications from Robin

* Simplify proposal process [#635](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/635)
  * Just needs somebody to create a PR.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * on Brian’s plate, board approved new ICLA template. 
  * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/657

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Discussed growth plans last week
  * Tobie doing the work on the growth plan
  * Michael, could be good to loop back to loop at larger overall review once we complete the
    work on the growth side.
  * Opened dedicated issue for growth plan here: [#658](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/658).

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * Update from Brian, sounds like board vote is done ! Michael will land


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

