# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-09-01

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqZUWwvXseI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/631

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Aditya Varma 
* Myles Borins (@mylesborins)
* Rachel Romoff (rromoff
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Mary Marchini (@mmarchini)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Divy (@designmoreweb)
* Marcin Hoppe (@MarcinHoppe)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Chris Hiller (@b0neskull)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)


## Agenda

### Announcements

ESLint AMA
Close out of Node User survey - now doing analysis & prepping TSC vote on direction in 1-2 weeks
Doodle poll for supporter program
Feature on Eemeli & messageformat

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Approving project charters is clunky in issues [#630](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/630)

Created after discussion of graduation at last meeting. How could this be refined?
Approval would be easier to assess via pull request. Perhaps we link to these in a table in the readme, along with charter, CoC, artwork, contributing. Approval of the PR could satisfy all the updates needed & confirmation of key components.
ACTION: Joe to update issue with comments from this discussion & make proposal.

* Should we share voting result details and if so, how? [#629](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/629)

Concern about consequences of certain levels of transparency. Donâ€™t want to discourage people from running again. Also STV is not conducive for certain amount of analysis. Foundation staff have access to the tooling to confirm and validate outcomes. Should the results be made available in the case of a request, or what kind of data do we want to share - for example voter turnout. What about in the case a candidate asks for their results?
ACTION: Consensus is that we will not share specific details on the results but will share general election data such as % voter turnout. Other info may be made available by request. 
ACTION: Document this understanding where we document voting information (Section 7 of Charter, or move to the governance). 


* Add IP Policy guidance [#618](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/618)

618 appears ready to land. Need b0neskull to approve or resolve comments. Others were also requested to review but not all have done so. Would prefer explicit +1s. This PR does not change policy, it documents more tactical actions for maintainers.
ACTION ALL: Multiple parties to review and approve. 


* Next Steps for Supporter Program [#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)

Sara emailed group about doodle poll for meeting in the next couple of weeks. 
Related PR #625 documents the progress, which is still in stage 1. 
ACTION ALL: review PR before upcoming meeting and respond to doodle poll.

* We should try an earlier CPC meeting time [#599](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/599)


  * related: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/599

Decided last meeting to alternate on next 2 blocks: 18:00 block is not interrupted but the new earlier block is now 14:00 for the next to early cycles. 
ACTION ALL: attend earlier meeting next week and help spread the word to timezones that would benefit.

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)

Tobie and Chris Hiller have this action. Tobie sent a [doodle poll](https://unlockopen.doodle.com/poll/bsame5vfxvs6ymvy) to organize first meetings for this, was only sent to those who requested. 
ACTION: Tobie will share doodle poll more broadly via minutes and CPC mailing list.

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)

BW reports that this needs to be scheduled with the board legal committee. The other piece is the guidance (eg. choosing the DCO vs CLA, also using Easy CLA - related is #632)
ACTION BW: schedule with board committee

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)

MD is waiting for text from BW for this. 
ACTION BW: Send text to MD after call today.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)

Marcin has gone through policy and identified places where policy should be plugged in and has extended certain docs such as project progression. Also has submitted a PR on project onboarding repo. Requests feedback on the PRs that implement/hook into the project journey.
Marcin also plans to do another security reporting review assessment once these have landed.
ACTION ALL: Review open PRs that tie policy into the appropriate places. 

AoB
Myles: I appreciate Joe
Joe: Mary taking over for Matteo has been open for 7 days. Can we close this PR? YES

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

