# OpenJS Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-05-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L-QFZSuJFo
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/168

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Myles Borins (@mylesborins)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Manil Chowdhury (@keywordnew)
* Christian Bromann (@bromann)
* Russ Schlossbach
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner) 
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/bootstrap

* Voting CPC Representatives from Projects [#152](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/152)
Impact Project Representative Appointments all nominated
Growth & At Large Nominees (up to 2) nominations are coming in
Discussion of how to proceed with voting in the new CPC representatives (some initial work on this from Michael Dawson & Nick O’Leary) 
Need some kind of record of votes, how they were taken, etc.


* Do we need an admin repo? admin#14 (_link removed because it was irreparably broken_)

Or should we rename the Bootstrap repo instead? There are already redirects that will follow.
Tracy: I would support the CPC meeting prior to collab summit.
Open PR to make this repo the CPC repo, call the May 20th meeting the inaugural meeting
Action Item to Brian Warner: message about the first meeting
Jory: proposes to accept all of the nominees. Will make a proposal for the 5/20 meeting.

* Review new project board + Milestone for Bootstrapping the CPC [#164](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/164)
(Run through the project board lists)
  - Refs:
     - Steps to bootstrap CPC and new Foundation [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/115)
Does this feel correct for everyone?
Please feel free to add things and assign them to yourself to make sure we’re on track.
Closing the review issue.

* proposal: new project application process [#158](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/pull/158)
  - Refs:
    - Create process for new projects joining foundation [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/130)

Combination of Jory + Myles’ existing proposals
Overview of structure of the doc & open questions
Quiet Period - we agreed to this but need to figure out the mechanics of it
Projects given an ‘incubation status’ while they are going through onboarding (after silent period)
Feedback requested - post to GH (some existing from Matteo & Manil)
Anything blocking stage 1 acceptance? None but please don’t miss above existing comments
(add to unresolved questions)

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/129)

Jory: requests one more week to make sure the nominees get there availability in 
Myles & Brian to send an email to all the reps welcoming them

* Misc:
Jonah: Can we Merge #156? (Logo)
Use PNG files for correct yellow
No issue to merge?

Please sign up for lists.openjsf.org (we should link to that in the current repo)

Jory to add people to repo!

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


