# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-03-02

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fyQJ-zF2SQ&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/723

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Agiri Abraham (@codeekage)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Divy (@designmoreweb)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Mary Marchini (@mmarchini)
* Sara Chips (@SaraJo)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
*  Tobie Langel (@tobie)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* JS Trends Panel tomorrow!!!!
* Standards WG - next week + call for comment on strategy directions; 2 proposals to develop
Also meeting conflict next week with working meeting
* CPC Working meeting next week
* Book Club - March 24 - Working In Public
* Register for OpenJS World - thank you to those reviewing CFPs
OpenJS Programming Committee call on Thursday

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.
  * Michael, board meeting last week. Nothing of note to report. Sara, confirmed nothing
    that this group is not already aware of.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Criteria to move to Emeritus [#713](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/713)

* Board voted to approve with or without comments accepted. Which do we prefer?
* we have had two examples of projects evaluating this stage
* Decision: We are accepting the comments 

* Rename master branches [#711](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/711)
  * Mass fast track request ?  +1
  * approved  
  * Michael will open issue in CPC repo with
    * Request for mass fast track
    * Links to the PRs
    * will ping Joe and CPC members, we agreed once we have 2-3 approvals weâ€™ll
      land all of the referenced PRs
    * Issue for fast track request - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/724

* Primary CPC Director Election [#707](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/707)
  * Election done, closed.

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)

  * Discussion / Report from Working Group meetings - more to discuss next week
  * Resources from the LF and from CHAOSS to explore
  * Possible partnership and conversations to develop further with the W3C working group; invite the group to one of our working meetings for shared/cross org conversation

* Google Summer of Code 2021 [#673](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/673)
  * Deadline is past, just close.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * related to updates to probot/dcobot, waiting on those to be incorporated
  * Brian is discussing with the maintainer.

### openjs-foundation/project-status

* Cleans up templates and adds sunsetting checklist [#61](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/61)
  * has enough approvals, required waiting time passed
  * Tobie will land next time he looks at it.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
