# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-02-02

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dl90_ZsdOIY&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/712

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World
  * Reminder want as many submissions for OpenJS CFP. Great line up and good 
    opportunity to get your message out.
  * AMA (9 Pacific, 12ET) on submitting a talk tomorrow if you need more info have
    questions about submitting.
  * You can also get involved the work of the program committee and reviewing
    submissions
* Newsletter starting which goes out to JSLandia, would love to have more people involved as
   well
* Book club started in #book-club. Focused on non-fiction related to JavaScript, OpenSource
   etc.

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Robin/Jory (Michael tagging along) setting up expedition/roadshow to meet with the leadership
  groups from some of the projects, including getting input on standards.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Rename master branches [#711](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/711)
  * Discussion about how to go about updating 
  * Seems like people are ok with just renaming, and then removing reference as a second step.
  * Blog post draft: https://hackmd.io/8sJrosPYSBi1uTM6C4GXjQ 

* Primary CPC Director Election [#707](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/707)
  * Had planned to open vote today
  * Last call, tomorrow Joe will post names in issue and request candidate statements

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
  * We organized a work session on the topic last week ([session notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HD_vnNkvdU9nOTrcZqaRU-_JHR_q6AZQlqjh6TXwis4/edit)).
  * Next work session is next week Tuesday @ 19:00 UTC.

* Google Summer of Code 2021 [#673](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/673)

* Remove Growth Stage [#650](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/650)
  * Agreement to merge and fix references to growth stage that we would have missed later on.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)


### openjs-foundation/project-status

* Update onboarding checklist template [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/58)
  * Merged

* Adds Growth plan template [#56](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-status/pull/56)
  * Agreement to merge.

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
