# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-03-30

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcgxQbykwCg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/737

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Sendil Kumarn (@sendilkumarn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Sara Chipps
* Rachel Romoff
* Timmy Willison

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Upcoming Q&A with WebDriver IO team
* Congratulations on NVM release!
* Discounts on Node trainings and certifications - https://twitter.com/nodejs/status/1376547426375401473
* Book club was fun! Come to the next one!
* Node - Next 10 survey! https://twitter.com/nodejs/status/1372253048173658112

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Collaborator summit this year ?  [#306](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/306)
  * per discussion last session and today, updated repo issue with status. We are not planning to co-locate or co-time the summit with the OpenJS World event at this time. We would like to brainstorm additional options for a summit in 2020.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Private slack channel for Node.js build team machine management [#729](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/729)
	* Closed

* doc: add travel fund allocation for 2021 [#725](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/725)
  * Waiting on an update from the board

* Rename master branches [#711](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/711)
   * We can close this issue
   * Discussion ensued about tracking projects which had updated their branch names; we opted not to track at this time

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
  * Jory updated on the CoC process improvement work
  * Tobie updated on the DEI work, including a survey. Tobie will organize a meeting for interested parties for further discussions.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * Brian still working on this with ProBot DCO team

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
  * Discussion about tracking/planning future Working session meetings - jory to open new issues for April 6 and 20 th meetings

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
