# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2021-04-27

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2CTPE9K64A&feature=youtu.be
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/748

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJo)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Mary Marchini (@mmarchini)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
* Parris Lucas (@GrooveCS)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Register for OpenJS World!
* Still space for community talks from our projects
* Speakers announced on the website
* standards wg ad hoc discussion with Marcos tomorrow morning (Spec Ed CG)

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Audit and finance meeting met today; recommendation will go back to the board but it was productive and positive and hope to have resolution soon

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Slack Moderators - Volunteers requested [#747](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/747)
  * Volunteers requested to help in both the long and short term; time lot

* Voting CPC Members Election [#745](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/745)
  * Jory volunteered to create the two issues to kick off the elections.
  * We should also open issues so we donâ€™t forget to look at automation.

* Remove Growth project distinction on OpenJSF website [#744](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/744)
  * Brian working on it right now.

* doc: add travel fund allocation for 2021 [#725](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/725)
  * Discussed in board audit and finance meeting today. Proposal going to board from
    sub-committee, should closure on this soon.

* Improving Diversity and Inclusion at the OpenJSF [#699](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/699)
  * Toby running point on this, no update in issue
  * Sara/Toby have meeting set to get together/discuss
  * Jory should we remove the agenda tag ? Sara sounds good.
  * Robin, blog last week from Linux foundation, building out research arm, have asked
    them to do some research on the DEI side of things.

* Provide implementation guidance for DCO/CLA [#632](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/632)
  * Waiting on review of PR so that it can be landed.

* AOB - anticipate graduating nvm, NativeScript, AJV.js
  * nvm project charter is ready for review - https://github.com/ljharb/nvm/blob/HEAD/PROJECT_CHARTER.md
  * Jordan is going to open an issue in the CPC repo and mention CPC. Please go review and
     thumbs up. (https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/750)

  * Working Sessions
    * CoC handling PR ready for review here -> https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/749
    * 2 planned for May
      * Slack
      * New Collaboration spaces
      * Tech Project Strategy take 2

* Review this PR: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/749

## Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
